plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_backup_default_config.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_backup_default_config.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-os-call
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_backup_full_config.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_backup_full_config.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-os-call
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_backup_standalone_config.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_backup_standalone_config.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-os-call
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_download_sniffer_profile.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_download_sniffer_profile.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-os-call
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_sign_data.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_execute_sign_data.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-os-call
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_router_key_chain.py validate-modules:no-log-needed
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_switch_lldp_profile.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_switch_lldp_profile.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_switch_lldp_profile.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_switch_lldp_profile.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_switch_lldp_profile.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_switch_raguard_policy.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_admin.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_bug_report.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_dhcp_server.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_global.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_global.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_global.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_global.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_global.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_system_password_policy.py validate-modules:no-log-needed
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_user_local.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_user_local.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_user_local.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/fortiswitch_user_local.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter